    AI is a very controversial talk in many aspects of the everyday person. Whose job will it take next? How can I tell if someone is using
AI? These questions are two of the biggest ones around, making people fear they'll lose their job, or someone isn't putting in the
work. The best use of AI is to learn from it, to use it to further your knowledge does not stunt it. In used AI in my project to help find bugs and help me develop systems, but my use was limited. For instance, in the player class, i was having difficulties with the inventory section, specifically with getting the inventory to properly display. I had also had trouble and a good amount of errors with the health system in the Player class, I had to ask AI for some help with bugs mainly but it also gave me the idea for how to work with the food giving health That came with more issues that I had to attempt to fix, breaking other systems. Bringing me to the point that AI was sometimes less then helpful, it would sometimes break more than it would try and help, sometimes I would have to ignore any help AI gave me entirely as it did no good. Another place I used AI was the game_start definition, I had originally a system of where different definitions would call each other, but I then discovered that I was leading my game to crash. So, I had to try and find a way to change that without tearing up my entire game, I had asked AI for some ideas, and it gave me the idea to which up to the return functions. A good way I did to ensure all the code was mine was to always type the code myself and to either change the code a modify it myself to better fit my need.
